Add VS Code support for SDK 6. (#961)
MicroEJ/docs: SDK6UserGuide/install.rst

            
         - In the upcoming window, click on the :guilabel:`Restart Now` button.

   .. tab:: Visual Studio Code

>       MicroEJ does not provide a dedicated plugin for VS Code, but Microsoft provides a plugin that brings a usefull collection of plugins for Java

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      MicroEJ does not provide a dedicated plugin for VS Code, but Microsoft provides a plugin that brings an useful collection of plugins for Java
```

      called `Extension Pack for Java <https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscjava.vscode-java-pack>`__. To install this plugin:

      - In Visual Studio Code, open the :guilabel:`Extensions` tab (Ctrl+Shift+X)
      - In the search field, type ``extension pack for Java``:

      .. figure:: images/vscode_java_extensions.png
            :alt: VS Code Java Plugins Installation
            :align: center
            :scale: 70%
         
            VS Code Java Plugins Installation

      - Click on the :guilabel:`Install` button of the extension

      .. warning::

>          Unlinke other supported IDEs (Android Studio/IntelliJ/Eclipse), there is no MicroEJ plugin which removes
>          the JDK dependency. As a result, `IntelliSense <https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/intellisense>`__ may propose classes and methods from the JDK which are
>          not present in Gradle dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         Unlike other supported IDEs (Android Studio/IntelliJ IDEA/Eclipse), there is no MicroEJ plugin which removes
         the JDK dependency. As a result, `IntelliSense <https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/intellisense>`__ may propose classes and methods from the JDK which are
         not present in your project dependencies.
```
